# What do you think being a data scientist is about? 

In my opinion, a data scientist needs to master multiple skills from different areas, such as computer science skills, statistics knowledge, and other particular academic knowledge. The data scientist can help the company get more approachable and more understandable ideas and insights based on a large amount of data. 


# What do you see as the major duties and/or knowledge areas?  

As a statistics major student, I think we need to know how to analyze and interpret data, also we need to know how to identify trends and relationships in data and assist sponsors in decision making. In the real life, we can help people make informed decisions. 



# What differences/similarities do you see between data scientists and statisticians? 

Data scientists' work is related to the collection, organization, analysis, and visualization of large amounts of data. They need to spend more time on data cleaning. For example, one of my friends has a data scientist intern this summer. I feel like she spent 80% of her time cleaning the data. 
However, Statisticians often use different models to quantify relationships between variables and outcomes and make related predictions. They used different ways to collect the data. However, the data scientist also needs to know some statistical knowledge. These two works are highly related to each other.


# How do you view yourself in relation to these two areas?

If I would like to be a data scientist, I think I also need to learn some machine learning knowledge since machine learning can be used to make high quality predictions and estimates. This can also help data scientists make better decisions in the real life. It can also improve the way of data mining and interpretation work. However, if I would like to be a statistician in the future, it will be easier than becoming a data scientist since I have already mastered multiple statistics knowledge, such as sampling, experimental design, and confidence intervals. 
